Docs for cron freshness policy and setting default policies (#30490)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/guides/labs/freshness/index.md

:::

### Cron

A cron freshness policy is useful when you expect an asset to have new data or be recalculated on a known schedule.

The policy defines a cron schedule `deadline_cron` that denotes the deadline for the asset materialization.
To account for the time it takes to materialize the asset, a `lower_bound_delta` time delta is also specified,
which denotes an amount of time prior to each cron tick.
Together, `deadline_cron` and `lower_bound_delta` define a recurring time window in which the asset is expected to materialize.

The asset is fresh if it materializes in this time window, and will remain fresh until at least the next deadline.
If the asset has not materialized in the window after the deadline passes, it will fail freshness until it materializes again.

Example:

<CodeExample path="docs_snippets/docs_snippets/guides/freshness/cron_policy.py" language="python" />

> :::info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info

```

> - `deadline_cron` must be a valid cron string and has a minimum resolution of 1 minute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `deadline_cron` must be a valid cron string, and has a minimum resolution of 1 minute.
```

- `lower_bound_delta` cannot be shorter than 1 minute, and must fit within the smallest interval of `deadline_cron`.
Example: for `deadline_cron="0 10 * * 1-5"` (weekdays at 10am), `lower_bound_delta` must be between 1 minute and 24 hours.
- `timezone` is optional. [IANA timezones](https://www.iana.org/time-zones) are supported. If not provided, defaults to UTC.

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::
```

:::

> ### Setting a default freshness policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting a default freshness policy

```

> Often it's useful to set a default freshness policy across all assets, and override the default on individual assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often, it's useful to set a default freshness policy across all assets, and override the default on individual assets.
```

> You can use `map_asset_specs` for this with `overwrite_existing` set to `False` on the mapped function to avoid overwriting any pre-defined freshness policies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, you can use `map_asset_specs` with `overwrite_existing` set to `False` on the mapped function to avoid overwriting any pre-defined freshness policies:
```
